what's good everybody trade with key
genius right off the bat you're
wondering where Jay Jones is I know I've
seen the comments and the answer is he's
out of town I had no control over that
and neither do you
his sister just graduated he's banana
time to support that what are you gonna
do his mom's wedding is right around the
corner he'll be out of town to support
that as well what are you gonna do if
you follow Jay John's on Instagram then
you saw several months ago that he met
his biological father for the first time
of his 20 years of living and he might
go spend some time with him over the
summer are you gonna complain that he's
not in the video then it's just
something to think about before you
start putting your dirty paws on the
keyboard so viciously he's got a lot
going on right now and we got to respect
that not to mention he's been working
this ass on man tuition ain't cheap but
even when he does come back which will
be really soon
it'll still be really hard to film
performance test and let me tell you why
the gym that we do the majority of our
performance tests in has become
unavailable to us to put it nicely but
basically what happened was about two
weeks ago I went to go film the crazy
Creek to performance test got kicked out
because it was really late you know
performance tests they take about three
and a half four hours to film completely
because it's already like a two-hour
workout and then you have to get good
shots so you guys can see as well so
it's almost like doing double the work
but anyway I got kicked at the gym tried
to come back the next day finish up and
basically the director of the gym told
the janitors and the employees if you
see anybody with filming equipment try
to come in
don't let it man so I'm like basically
don't let you know the people who work
the hardest in this gym the people who
are doing what they love and trying to
make a living doing it don't let those
guys come in the gym just let the people
who you know casually go to the gym want
to take an Instagram photos like they've
been in there 24/7 and
they're working hard when they're really
not let those guys in the gym but but
not the other people great man it then
it makes perfect sense and then the nice
gym that we filmed in a couple of times
that that gym has been down for
graduation all types of ceremonies so
that's out of the question right now and
we don't want to settle for outdoor
courts every time because you know like
most of the shoes we test or a lot of
them they're really suited more for
indoors then out so we're kind of asked
out to be honest with you guys the next
performer says you will see will
probably be the result of illegal
actions trespassing who knows regardless
we're gonna get something out for you
guys but I'm gonna tell you what I'm do
for you guys right now like right after
this video we had the crazy quick tools
as you guys see we have the Jaycees
right here that Jamal Crawford's one for
me one for Jeremy we also have the APL
vision lows we have the elites we also
have little Bron elites which I just
want a poem table cuz it's like three
for robot but then we have the Kobe laws
which you guys were asking for so
basically the next video you will see
will be the Kobe nine elite verse deal
Oh that'll be up pretty quick for those
interests that you know I'm do the pros
and cons my opinion everything all that
good stuff then the next review will be
over the AP of vision lo which it won't
be a performance test but still yeah
it's gonna be a good one that that shoe
is actually a good shoe in my opinion so
you'll want to keep that the Jay
crossovers will be getting the
performance s treatment as well as the
crazy quicks and the elites you guys
know how we do the elites three one
jam-packed action we'll probably do a
little intro like I said you guys know
how we do so uh be looking out for all
that I just want to touch base with you
guys that were wondering where the
performance test that's where they are
that they don't exist right now but uh
hopefully they will soon as soon as we
get the gym you guys will know because a
performance test will follow soon after
have patience for the guy Jay Jones
keyboard warriors relax thanks for all
the love for who dreams I really really
appreciate it and it's trafficking
genius and I'm out
you